ya heard it one year right there where
else it's going to thank you on the back
you get in there on a tree I'm gonna be
on a lock on the table spider-man's on
fire
the Pirates on fire shouts tiger I'm
applying it you know to do it from the
door all right tanner we gotta go you
gotta go where guys where's your radio
telling me where's the next fire on the
remote omolola oh no the tape is on fire
you got to chop it down chop down the
fire chop down the two levels have you
got a chopper I'm probably chop the
couch it's on fire chop the couch it's
on fire use your ex on the couch jump it
get the fire out
good job is it all out yeah say good job
fireman I love you Oh
you